adding states_rebuilder as one of the states management solution (#6075)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options.md

* [Riverpod][] homepage
* [Getting started with Riverpod][]

## states_rebuilder

> is a Flutter state management combined with a dependency injection solution and an integrated router to get the best state management experience and speed up your development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An approach that combines state management with a dependency injection solution
and an integrated router. For more information, see the following info:
```
